README.md, before:

# CNN-For-Image-Classification-Udacity-Nanodegree

The Second project of the Udacity Nanodegree is to build a Convolutional Neural Network for Image classification. Here I was able to 
classify images from the CIFAR-10 datset using a convolutional neural network.

# Dependencies:

- Numpy

- Tensorflow

- Floyd (from FloydHub for cloud computing)

# Wile working on this project, I was introduced to

# Tensorflow
TensorFlow™ is an open source software library for numerical computation using data flow graphs. It has one of the best documentation and 
great tutorials.

More on TensorFlow:
https://www.tensorflow.org

# Cloud Computing
Cloud computing is a type of internet-based computing. It provides shared computer resources and data to computers and other devices on 
demand. I used FloydHub and some Amazon Web Services for the project, but i encourage you to check Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure.

More on Cloud Computing:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_computing
https://www.floydhub.com
https://aws.amazon.com
https://cloud.google.com
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/

# Deep NeuraL Networks
I was able to learn how to got from a simple Feer Forward Nework to Deeo Neural Network and learn technques to prevent overfitting like 
Regularization and Dropouts.

More on Deeo Neural Networks:
https://deeplearning4j.org/neuralnet-overview

# Convolutional Neural Network
Convolutional Neural Network is a type of Neural Network that helps us dramarically increase performance in image classification. There
are many kinds of CNN also such as VGGnet, GooGlenet (inception), etc.

More on CNN:
https://harishnarayanan.org/writing/artistic-style-transfer/
http://cs231n.stanford.edu

Commit message:

Updating README.md
docs: Adding resources and descriptions in README.md

I added some resources and links where
other people can check out and download
the dataset.

Things I added:

- description about 
  computer vision
- link to CIFAR-10 dataset

- link to my repo on 
  Style Transfer 

- link to a resource about
  Style Transfer

README.md, after:

# CNN-For-Image-Classification-Udacity-Nanodegree

The Second project of the Udacity Nanodegree is to build a Convolutional Neural Network for Image classification. Here I was able to 
classify images from the CIFAR-10 datset using a convolutional neural network.

Vision is a very easy task for humans, but not computers. That's why here i use a CNN to identify key features in an image, so that it can
learn to identify patterns of the same features in other images. CNN is used in many kinds of Deep Learning implementation. One of them is
called Style Transfer, which you can chekc out in my other repo.

# Link to CIFAR-10 dataset

https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/cifar.html

# Style Transfer

https://github.com/grilhami/Convolutional-Neural-Network-Style-Transfer

More on Style Transfer: https://harishnarayanan.org/writing/artistic-style-transfer/

# Dependencies:

- Numpy

- Tensorflow

- Floyd (from FloydHub for cloud computing)

# Wile working on this project, I was introduced to

# Tensorflow
TensorFlow™ is an open source software library for numerical computation using data flow graphs. It has one of the best documentation and 
great tutorials.

More on TensorFlow:
https://www.tensorflow.org

# Cloud Computing
Cloud computing is a type of internet-based computing. It provides shared computer resources and data to computers and other devices on 
demand. I used FloydHub and some Amazon Web Services for the project, but i encourage you to check Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure.

More on Cloud Computing:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_computing

https://www.floydhub.com

https://aws.amazon.com

https://cloud.google.com

https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/

# Deep NeuraL Networks
I was able to learn how to got from a simple Feer Forward Nework to Deeo Neural Network and learn technques to prevent overfitting like 
Regularization and Dropouts.

More on Deeo Neural Networks:
https://deeplearning4j.org/neuralnet-overview

# Convolutional Neural Network
Convolutional Neural Network is a type of Neural Network that helps us dramarically increase performance in image classification. There
are many kinds of CNN also such as VGGnet, GooGlenet (inception), etc.

More on CNN:
https://harishnarayanan.org/writing/artistic-style-transfer/

http://cs231n.stanford.edu
